Register hosts through a load balancer (#1941)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_setting-the-load-balancer-for-global-registration.adoc

[id="setting-the-load-balancer-for-global-registration_{context}"]
= Setting the Load Balancer for Global Registration

You can configure your deployment to register clients through a load balancer when using the global registration feature.

You will be able to register hosts to the load balancer instead of {SmartProxy}.
The load balancer will decide through which {SmartProxy} to register the host at the time of request.
Upon registration, subscription manager on the host will be configured to manage content through the load balancer.

.Prerequisites
* You configured SSL certificates on all {SmartProxyServer}s.
For more information, see xref:configuring-capsule-servers-for-load-balancing[].

> * You enabled Registration and Templates plugins on all {SmartProxyServer}s:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You enabled Registration and Templates plug-ins on all {SmartProxyServer}s:
```
